For Business
Get started
Say hello to a better
relationship with money

Google Pay is a safe, simple, and helpful way
to pay and manage your money.

Safe, simple, and helpful

Download Google Pay on your Android and iOS devices.

Download for Android
Download for iOS
Pay a friend or a group
in a snap

Send money to a friend or start a group to split expenses for dinner, bills, rent, and more. Google Pay will help you do the math and keep track of who’s paid.

Private

Send and request money in private groups.

Connected

Plan, split, and make group payments right from your phone.

Convenient

Easily find your friends and make a fast payment.

Stay connected with
your favorite businesses

See where you’ve made the most recent transactions, right on your home screen. Find past purchases, loyalty cards, offers - even online ordering - all in one place.

Keep your cards and accounts
within tapping distance

Keep credit cards, debit cards, transit passes, and more on your phone for quick, easy access.

Learn more about transit with Clipper
Get a fuller picture
of your finances

Bring your accounts together for a clearer view of what you have, what you’ve spent, and recent activity.

Get insights

Learn about your spending patterns and where you can save money.

Sync accounts

Easily check your balance and spending across all of your linked accounts.

Stay in the know

As money goes in and out, see it reflected in one simple view.

Search your spending
the easy way with Google Pay

Easily find past purchases from weekend getaways, past payments, and tickets you saved in your wallet. And if you choose, you can link your bank account, Gmail, and Google Photos to search even more transactions.

Make purchases
more rewarding

Earn cashback rewards when you activate offers from your favorite businesses and make everyday purchases.

Your rewards are real money

Get cashback rewards you can use to pay anyone or any business that accepts Google Pay.

Double down on rewards

Earn additional cashback on top of your existing credit card rewards or loyalty programs.

Save where you shop

Get valuable offers from your favorite brands.

A safer way to pay,
every day

With privacy and security built into every payment, using Google Pay is safer than swiping your card or paying with cash.

Learn more about privacy 
Transparency

Google Pay will never sell your personal information to third parties or share your transaction history with any other Google service for targeting ads.

Control

Google Pay has easy-to-use tools that put you in control so you can choose the privacy settings that are right for you.

Security

Google Pay keeps your money and private information safe with built-in authentication, transaction encryption, and fraud protection.

Follow us
Download Google Pay
For iOS
For Android
Sign in on your computer
For business
Order a sticker kit
Google Pay for business
Checkout
Passes & rewards
Partners
Implementation
Resources
For developers
Google Pay for developers
Learn more
Guidebooks
Blog
Privacy & Security
Support
About Google
Google products
Privacy
Terms
 Help
বাংলা (ভারত)
čeština (Česko)
Deutsch (Deutschland)
English (Australia)
English (Canada)
English (Denmark)
English (Finland)
English (Hong Kong)
English (Ireland)
English (India)
English (Norway)
English (New Zealand)
English (Sweden)
English (Singapore)
English (United Kingdom)
English (United States)
español (España)
français (Belgique)
français (Canada)
français (France)
ગુજરાતી (ભારત)
हिन्दी (भारत)
italiano (Italia)
日本語 (日本)
ಕನ್ನಡ (ಭಾರತ)
मराठी (भारत)
Nederlands (België)
polski (Polska)
português (Brasil)
русский (Россия)
slovenčina (Slovensko)
தமிழ் (இந்தியா)
తెలుగు (భారతదేశం)
українська (Україна)
中文 (香港)
中文 (台灣)

Some features and devices may not be available in all areas
All money transmission is provided by Google Payment Corp. (GPC) pursuant to its licenses (NMLS ID: 911607). GPC is licensed as a Money Transmitter by the Banking Department of the State of New York. GPC is licensed by the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance.

This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
OK, Got it