Welcome To Powerful Cleaner

Powerful Cleaner is a free mobile phone management tool. An essential software with small memory and powerful functions. It has a simple and elegant interface and smooth operation, helping you to solve the slow phone card, clean the junk, organize the phone album! Main feature highlights: 【Junk Cleaner】Quick scan function to clean up excess junk on your phone in one click. 【Intelligent Software Management】Comprehensive analysis of software space usage and intelligent detection of hidden applications. 【Solving slow mobile phone cards】One-click acceleration to make your phone run like a champ. 【Notification Bar Cleanup】Automatically identify spam and say goodbye to annoying ads. 【Smart Space Manager】Manage mobile apps and large files with ease, no more worrying about low memory! 【CPU Cooler】Optimize CPU usage and stop overheating apps to cool down CPU temperature. 【Privacy Protection】Protect your privacy with passwords or patterns, lock sensitive apps, and block intruders with camera access. We make sure no one can access your private apps. What you need to understand is that in order to better provide you with functions such as garbage cleaning and system optimization, we need to obtain the MANAGE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission of your device. After we obtain this permission, we will solve it for you: 1. Help you clean up system junk files, including cache junk, ad junk, residual junk 2. Help you manage and optimize large files Powerful Cleaner is a powerful phone cleaning tool!

Download The App
GOOGLE PLAY
highlpdgl61@gmail.com
SCREENSHOTS
GET THE APP

Powerful Cleaner is a free mobile phone management tool. An essential software with small memory and powerful functions. It has a simple and elegant interface and smooth operation, helping you to solve the slow phone card, clean the junk, organize the phone album! Main feature highlights: 【Junk Cleaner】Quick scan function to clean up excess junk on your phone in one click. 【Intelligent Software Management】Comprehensive analysis of software space usage and intelligent detection of hidden applications. 【Solving slow mobile phone cards】One-click acceleration to make your phone run like a champ. 【Notification Bar Cleanup】Automatically identify spam and say goodbye to annoying ads. 【Smart Space Manager】Manage mobile apps and large files with ease, no more worrying about low memory! 【CPU Cooler】Optimize CPU usage and stop overheating apps to cool down CPU temperature. 【Privacy Protection】Protect your privacy with passwords or patterns, lock sensitive apps, and block intruders with camera access. We make sure no one can access your private apps. What you need to understand is that in order to better provide you with functions such as garbage cleaning and system optimization, we need to obtain the MANAGE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission of your device. After we obtain this permission, we will solve it for you: 1. Help you clean up system junk files, including cache junk, ad junk, residual junk 2. Help you manage and optimize large files Powerful Cleaner is a powerful phone cleaning tool!

GOOGLE PLAY

© Copyright markups. All right reserved. Powerful Cleaner