PLAYSTUDIOS ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT

PLAYSTUDIOS is committed to facilitating the accessibility and usability of its website, playstudios.com, for everyone. PLAYSTUDIOS aims to comply with all applicable standards, including the World Wide Web Consortium's Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 up to Level AA (WCAG 2.0 AA). PLAYSTUDIOS is proud of the efforts that we have completed and that are in-progress to ensure that our website is accessible to everyone.

If you experience any difficulty in accessing any part of this website, please feel free to email us at support@playstudios.com and we will work with you to provide the information or service you seek through an alternate communication method that is accessible for you consistent with applicable law (for example, through telephone support).

Games
playAWARDS
Press
Investors
About Us
Careers
Unmute
myVEGAS Bingo
A familiar favorite, completely reimagined.
myVEGAS Slots
The game that started it all.
Kingdom Boss
There are no small heroes, only small mobile devices.
playLABS
Every today was some yesterday’s tomorrow.
playAWARDS
playAWARDS is a powerful loyalty platform that elevates our award winning casual games. By harnessing the power of play, this suite of tools and professional services allows us to connect a curated network of brand partners with our global audience of highly engaged players.
Learn More
Play Better Together
Great games are made by great teams. And our great teams are made up of individuals who are creative, compassionate, and curious. We love to ask the non-obvious questions, speak candidly, and help each other succeed. Learn more about our culture and career opportunities.
Explore Careers


Click for Accessibility
Games
playAWARDS
Press
Investors
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies