Our website uses cookies and similar technologies, including for personalization, advertising and analytics purposes, as described in our Cookie settings. By selecting agree, you consent to our use of these cookies and technologies. You can update this selection at any time using our Cookie Consent Tool.
DisagreeAgree
Skip to main content
Stream the final season of the epic series.
It all comes down to this. Don’t miss out!
Watch Now
7-day free trial for eligible subscribers. Cancel to avoid fees. Subscription is pre-paid and auto-renews monthly for $8.99/mo until canceled. Charges are non-refundable.
Roku players
Make any TV smarter.
Super simple setup
Just plug it in, connect to the internet, and start streaming.
Shop players
Roku TV™
Smart screens with Roku streaming built in.
Options for any room
Shop models in all sizes from the world’s biggest brands.
Shop TVs
Roku audio
Premium sound and powerful streaming for any TV.
2-in-1 TV upgrades
Stream in 4K and hear it all with crisp, clear dialogue.
Shop audio
Stream what you love
Award-winning originals. Live news & sports. Classic favorites. Kids & family entertainment. It’s all right here.
Popular TV
Free TV
Live TV
Music

From the latest movies to original series and classic favorites, enjoy the most popular TV on demand.

Easily discover and enjoy in-season shows, live news, movies, and more for free.

Never miss the most talked-about events, award-winning shows, primetime sports, and even local news.

Listen to the music that moves you with your favorite streaming music channels.

See What's On
Your home for free, live, and premium TV
Enjoy an always-changing selection of free movies, shows, live news, kids’ TV, and more. Add Premium Subscriptions to watch it all in one place.
Explore The Roku Channel
Roku Express - The easy way to fast HD streaming
Start streaming a massive selection of free and live TV for just $25. Save Now >
Offer ends 2/26/2022. Available at participating retailers. While supplies last.
Downton Abbey—streaming free.
Watch the epic, romantic series for free on The Roku Channel. Watch Free >
Enjoy 2 months free* of Paramount+
with the purchase and activation of an eligible Roku streaming device. Check It Out >
*For details, eligibility restrictions and auto-renewal terms, click ‘Check It Out’ for full terms.
How it works
It's fun and easy to stream what you love.
See how
See what's on
Free TV, live news, sports, movies, and more.
Explore
Products
Find the right streaming player, audio product, or TV for you to buy.
Shop now
Stay updated on news and offers
Roku Experience
How it works
See what's on
The Roku Channel
Create a Roku account
Channel Store
How to cut the cord
Stream and save
Roku OS
TV show & movie search
Products
Roku TV
Roku Audio
Roku players
Accessories
Special offers
Mobile app
Upgrades
Support
Wi-Fi & connectivity
Remote controls
Channels & viewing
Customer Order FAQs
Account, Payments & subscriptions
Device issues
Roku setup
Roku features
Audio devices
Mobile app
Community
Company
About us
Newsroom
Investor relations
Jobs
Accessibility
Contact us
Partners
Developers
Advertise with us
Affiliate program
Become a beta tester
Service providers
Blog
Peacock TV Streaming Service on Roku
New on Netflix
What is a Smart TV?
Free movies online & on The Roku Channel
How to watch NFL games
Cable alternatives for TV
© 2022 Roku, Inc. All rights reserved. ROKU, the ROKU Logo, ROKU TV, ROKU POWERED, "Streaming Stick," "HAPPY STREAMING" and "NOW THIS IS TV" are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Roku, Inc. in the United States.
Site MapPrivacy policyTerms of useDispute ResolutionTrademark guidelines LegalAbout Ads & CookiesDo not sell my personal informationCA Privacy NoticeDeveloper Terms & Agreements
United States (change)