Go to Homepage
Browse
Search Prime Video
EN
Account Menu
Sign In
Watch Anywhere
Help
Select your cookie preferences

We use cookies and similar tools that are necessary to enable you to make purchases, to enhance your shopping experiences, and to provide our services, as detailed in our Cookie Notice. We also use these cookies to understand how customers use our services (for example, by measuring site visits) so we can make improvements.

If you agree, we’ll also use cookies to complement your shopping and browsing experience across Prime Video as described in our Cookie Notice. This includes using first and third party cookies which store or access standard device information such as a unique identifier. Third parties use cookies for their purposes of displaying and measuring personalised ads, generating audience insights, and developing and improving products. Click "Customise Cookies" to decline these cookies, make more detailed choices, or learn more. You can change your choices at any time by visiting Cookie Preferences as described in the Cookie Notice. To learn more about how and for what purposes Amazon uses personal information (such as Prime Video Watch History), please visit our Privacy Notice.

Accept Cookies|Customize Cookies
Watch movies and TV shows

With an Amazon Prime subscription, watch movies and TV shows including Amazon Originals The Grand Tour, Sneaky Pete, and The Man in the High Castle. Also enjoy free, unlimited 1-day shipping on 2 million products.

Prime Member? Sign in

or

Start your 30-day free trial*

* € 36.00/year or € 3.99/month once the free trial period ends. Are you a student?

Your favorite channels all in one place

With Prime Video Channels, members can subscribe to premium and specialty channels with no long-term commitments and no additional apps to download. Each subscription starts with a free trial, and you can cancel anytime.

Prime Video Store

Even more movies, now available to rent or buy—no Prime membership required.

Rent or buy movies

Download and go

Watch offline on the Prime Video app when you download titles to your iPhone, iPad, Tablet, or Android device.

Start your 30-day free trial*

* € 36.00/year or € 3.99/month once the free trial period ends.

Watch anywhere

Enjoy from the web or with the Prime Video app on your phone, tablet, or select Smart TVs — on up to 3 devices at once.

X-Ray for more

Use X-Ray for Movies and TV to identify actors and songs, explore actor bios, view trivia, and more.

Data saver

Control data usage while downloading and watching videos on select phones or tablets.

Prime benefits, just for you

Enjoy FREE 1-day shipping on 2 million products and 2-3 day shipping on millions more, unlimited free photo storage on Amazon Drive, ad-free streaming on Twitch, and priority access to Flash Deals 30 minutes before they start.

Start your 30-day free trial*

* € 36.00/year or € 3.99/month once the free trial period ends.

Terms and Privacy NoticeCookie NoticeSend us feedbackHelp

© 1996-2022, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates