Welcome To Smart Cleaner

Smart Cleaner is a free mobile phone cleaning management tool designed specifically for Android. It has a simple interface, powerful functions, smooth and simple operation. One-click garbage cleaning, helping you clean up the cache, organize photo albums, free up device storage space, and solve the problem of phone freezes. Make your phone smoother and more powerful. You will get the following feature highlights through Smart Cleaner: 【Intelligent Software Assistant】 Check and kill hidden space, intelligently analyze software space usage, and uninstall unnecessary applications quickly and easily. 【Garbage cleaning optimization】 All-round fast scanning, one-click safe cleanup of junk. 【Solve the phone freeze delay】 One key optimization button, one key to quickly end unnecessary tasks and clean up the memory, improve the phone running speed 【Notification bar optimization】 Automatically identify and process spam, bid farewell to annoying advertisements. 【CPU cooler】 Intelligently analyze the CPU usage rate, stop unnecessary applications that cause the CPU to overheat, reduce the CPU temperature, optimize the CPU usage, and make the phone smoother 【Smart space management】 Intelligently analyze and optimize your storage space, easily manage files and applications, and free up memory and space. 【Intelligent power saving analysis】 Smartly detect the power consumption of mobile applications, optimize battery usage, and delay battery life. 【privacy protection】 Use passwords or patterns to protect your privacy, lock sensitive applications, and block intruders through camera access. We make sure that no one can access your private application. Smart Cleaner is an essential assistant for mobile phone management, a simple and powerful mobile phone cleaning tool!

Download The App
GOOGLE PLAY
jiaoanna2021@gmail.com
SCREENSHOTS
Previous
Next
GET THE APP

Smart Cleaner is a free mobile phone cleaning management tool designed specifically for Android. It has a simple interface, powerful functions, smooth and simple operation. One-click garbage cleaning, helping you clean up the cache, organize photo albums, free up device storage space, and solve the problem of phone freezes. Make your phone smoother and more powerful. You will get the following feature highlights through Smart Cleaner: 【Intelligent Software Assistant】 Check and kill hidden space, intelligently analyze software space usage, and uninstall unnecessary applications quickly and easily. 【Garbage cleaning optimization】 All-round fast scanning, one-click safe cleanup of junk. 【Solve the phone freeze delay】 One key optimization button, one key to quickly end unnecessary tasks and clean up the memory, improve the phone running speed 【Notification bar optimization】 Automatically identify and process spam, bid farewell to annoying advertisements. 【CPU cooler】 Intelligently analyze the CPU usage rate, stop unnecessary applications that cause the CPU to overheat, reduce the CPU temperature, optimize the CPU usage, and make the phone smoother 【Smart space management】 Intelligently analyze and optimize your storage space, easily manage files and applications, and free up memory and space. 【Intelligent power saving analysis】 Smartly detect the power consumption of mobile applications, optimize battery usage, and delay battery life. 【privacy protection】 Use passwords or patterns to protect your privacy, lock sensitive applications, and block intruders through camera access. We make sure that no one can access your private application. Smart Cleaner is an essential assistant for mobile phone management, a simple and powerful mobile phone cleaning tool!

GOOGLE PLAY

© Copyright markups. All right reserved. Smart Cleaner