With a swashbuckling, can-do attitude and a healthy dose of creativity, dynamism and innovation coursing through our veins, we are a trailblazer in the fast-paced world of social and mobile gaming.

The secret to Product Madness’ phenomenal growth lies in crafting the most visually stunning and immersive slots games out there. For us, it boils down to producing highly

engaging gaming by enthralling our millions of players with a precise blend of science, psychology and art.  

Our passion and dedication to delivering the most amazing and fun playing experiences is reflected in our portfolio of award-winning and cutting-edge social and mobile slots games. There’s method in our Madness.  

ABOUT US

Product Madness burst into life in 2007 as the brainchild of two Stanford Business MBA graduates who possessed an innate love of gaming…

READ MORE
OUR CULTURE

At Product Madness we put as much focus into moulding the right company culture as we do our hit games. It is this meticulous attention to detail…

READ MORE
OUR GAMES

Our incredible growth is down to the team’s relentless and unwavering focus on delivering what today’s player desires…

READ MORE
HIRING

As a member of the Product Madness team you’ll get to experience first hand what it’s like to be part of a close-knit family working together…

READ MORE
CONTACT US

Want to say hello or discover more about Product Madness?
We’d love to hear from you.



Not readable? Change text.
CONTACT US

We Have Updated Our Terms of Service

Updated 8th June 2020

In order to provide better service to our users, we have made updates to our Terms of Service.  Should you have any questions about these updates, please click here to contact us.

We Have Updated Our Privacy Policy

Updated 12th August 2021

In order to provide better service to our users, we have made updates to our Privacy Policy.  Should you have any questions about these updates, please click here to contact us.

ABOUT
OUR STORY
CULTURE
OUR GAMES
CONTACT
RESPONSIBLE PLAY
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
JOIN US NOW
Product Madness | Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2015 | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Smart Social Gamers | California Do Not Sell
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Ok Read More
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary
Always Enabled
Non-Necessary