Cookie Notice

This website uses cookies to better understand how visitors use our site, for advertising, and to offer you a more personalized experience. We share information about your use of our site with analytics, social media, and advertising partners in accordance with our Privacy Statement. You can manage this sharing by selecting the "Cookie Settings" link.

Cookie Settings
Skip To Main Content
Order Now
Order + Make Your Menu Hacks*

Menu hacks are still available—Hash Brown McMuffin®, Land, Air & Sea, Crunchy Double and the app exclusive Surf + Turf—but not for long. So, keep ordering them by name while you still can and share how you hack the McDonald’s menu with #McDonaldsHacks.

 *
Order Menu Hacks in the App
* 

For a limited time only.

Free Chicken McNuggets® and Free McDonald’s Later*

Get a free 10 piece Chicken McNuggets when you download the McDonald’s app and join MyMcDonald’s Rewards. Get your choice of Hash Browns, Vanilla Cone, McChicken® or a Cheeseburger free after your first purchase.

 

*Free 10 Piece Chicken McNuggets valid 1x thru 2/28/22 for first time app users at participating McDonald’s. May take up to 48 hours to appear in your deals. Free Loyalty Reward Points valid 1x thru 3/31/22 for first time MyMcDonald’s Rewards users. Program available only at participating McDonald’s. Excludes delivery. McD app download and registration required.

Download the app
Shamrock Season Is Back

The wait is over—the creamy, dreamy Shamrock Shake® and OREO® Shamrock McFlurry® are back, but not for long. Get them before they’re gone.*

 

*At participating McDonald’s for a limited time. OREO is a trademark of Mondelēz International group, used under license.

Order in the App
Order McDelivery® Now*

Get all your McDonald’s favorites delivered right to your doorstep with McDelivery® on Uber Eats or DoorDash.

 

*At participating McDonald’s. Prices may be higher than at restaurants. Delivery/service fees apply

Order McDelivery Now
Try the Crispy Chicken Sandwiches

Take a bite and you’ll find out what CrispyJuicyTender means. Whether it’s Crispy, Spicy or Deluxe, there’s a sandwich for everyone.

Order in the App
Deals for Days


Get exclusive deals on your McDonald’s favorites in the app with contactless Mobile Order & Pay* and convenient Drive Thru or Curbside pickup.

 

*Mobile Order & Pay at participating McDonald’s.

Get App Deals
About Us
Services
Community
Contact Us
Privacy (Updated)
Terms & Conditions
Digital Accessibility
Do Not Sell My Personal Information

Cookie Settings

© 2017 - 2022 McDonald's. All Rights Reserved