Game
Free Slots
News
Community
Support
Play Now
#1 For Authentic Vegas Casino Slots

Play now to claim 6,000,000 FREE coins & join over 10 million party people!

Browse Slots Play Now
Experience the Excitement of Las Vegas

Jackpot Party delivers authentic slots and Vegas thrills right to you straight from the casino floor! Play some of the top casino games from around the world!

Party with Your Friends

Join the largest slot game everyone is talking about! Compete with your friends in daily tournaments, exchange virtual gifts, and discover new ways to play!

110+ Free Slot Machines

Spin some of Las Vegas’ hottest slots straight from the casino floor. Play your favorite classic games like Zeus II, Invaders from the Planet Moolah, Fu Dao Le, Brazilian Beauty, and many more!

More Free Slots
Party From Anywhere

With Jackpot Party, you can bring the full Vegas experience with you wherever you go! Join the party and play real Vegas slot machines for free!

‘Always a great time’
These slots are the same ones you will find in Vegas casinos on and off the strip. I know because I live in Vegas. Sometimes you win and sometimes you loose just like in Vegas but you always have a great time doing it.
‘Fabulous Jackpots’
I’ve been a player for several years. My favourite! Great games, fabulous ”Jackpots”, which now include a Tier Prize feature with each large jackpot. The overall play, graphics & special features make this a daily pleasure.
Jackpot News

Stay up-to-date with all of the latest Jackpot Party news, insider info, and important updates.

Win Your Own Party Prize Giveaway

To celebrate the holiday season, we want to give back to our players by sending yousome REAL LIFE Party Prizes!

Win Free Coins and Slot Boosters on your new Honey Do!

Looking to score some extra coins, win daily challenges, and unlock exciting boosters? It’s time to complete that Honey Do!

Tetris Super Jackpots is stacked with wins at Jackpot Party!

Are you ready to clear those lines? Get your Tetrimino pieces stacked up for huge wins on Tetris Super Jackpots,

Browse the Blog
Jackpot Party Casino Slots

Escape to Las Vegas and play all of your favorite classic slots for FREE at Jackpot Party Casino! With daily bonuses, free coins, and new games added each month, Jackpot Party delivers authentic casino slots right to you on your Facebook or mobile device! Download today and start spinning!

Connect with Us!
 

Copyright © 2018 SG Interactive. All rights reserved.

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Party From Anywhere

Play now for free and claim 6,000,000 free coins